
	When the quorum is reduced by changing a peer into a snapshot,
	active queries need be reformulated. (ci_NumPeers)

	Abort long selection query when connection lost/isbroken/isclosed,
	even if no output.

	Meter selection output to avoid saturating a link.  Require an
	ack for every N (100?) records.

        IsCounted/Qresponded is broken broken broken for things that need
	a quorum.  we could end up counting a host *TWICE* when restarting
	after a failure, which blows up the quorum calculation.

	Initslaveaspeer - comes up as snap, because it looks for the
	sys.repgroups state in the local copy rather then in the
	spanning tree.

	shutting down a database while it has active clients broken
	in synchronize.c

	Must remove cached IDLE instances when route goes away or
	shutdown will not complete.

	Persistent repcount  should be removed in favor of query of
	sys.repgroups

	--


	We really need to do path optimization when forwarding packets

        Synchronizer is only copying system table, what about other 
	physical tables?

	the replicator is losing its VC to other replicators every once
	in a while.  why?

	TRANSACTIONAL LOCKING!

	POSIX locks fail utterly with threads

	on rollback need to recalculate new fts at begin of the next
	commit ?

	Deadlock handling 

	simultanious same-commit-ts chosen handling (shouldn't happen,
	need quorum.  check). 

	Snapshot host support (in quorum calculation / readonly op)
	Security (read-only access from snapshot, no non-synchronization
	queries allowed).

	Embed MinCTs in URLs to guarentee database consistency from the 
	point of view of a client.

	Implement 'now' timestamp, or make it automatically MinCTs?

	Only commit to a quorum??  Don't worry about the other hosts
	(performance / reliability hack)

	Flow control for synchronization (1000 records?)

	r_ScanTs not reset?  Do we reset it?

	when syncing, what if transaction dump is lost in the middle?

	when VC is lost, instances are marked failed.  slave instances
	will go away entirely.  Master instances need to be retried
	when the VC manager reforges the link. XXX

	Wakeup failed instances when a VC is reforged

	CAn't replay all messages when lose/regain quorum client.c

	for any given instance, the next freeze point must be the previous
	commit ts.

	direct mode does not use new hello packets for CLHelloMsg

	XXX when receiving a packet over link adjust sequence number
	for (hostA,linkHost) to reflect packet seqno which will prevent
	us from bouncing the packekt back to the routing node.

	XXX ref counts for database vs instance (parent ref)

	NEXT_SEQ_NO -- rollover doesn't work right / see pkt.c
